{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20920\viewh11200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
C: 
\fs32 I don't know \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: 
\fs32 You 
\f2\i don't know
\f0\i0 ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 C: 
\fs32 Eric asked if I could cover for him, I said yeah; I figured we could use the cash \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: 
\fs32 We talked about this \'97 I told you not to take shifts on nights I'm tending, I 
\f2\i specifically 
\f0\i0 told you \'97
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 C: He was over at the Wheelers' all day. I'm sure he just stayed over.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb1 R: 
\fs32 I 
\f2\i can't 
\f0\i0 believe it.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 C: Chief, Joyce is very upset and \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: What have we talked about? Morning is a time for coffee and contemplation.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 C: He asked \'97!\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: Hey! What\'92d I just say! One at a damn time!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 C: Mom, you need to stay calm.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: I\'92m calm.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 C: Hey, you\'92ve reached Lonnie, I\'92m not here at the moment but \'85
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: Lonnie, some teenage whore just hung up on me. You don\'92t call me back in the next hour I\'92ll report you for not paying child support I swear to God I will and I\'92ll make sure you rot in jail where you belong \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 C: So maybe he came back here.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: So \'97 what? You think I haven\'92t checked my own house?!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 C: 
\fs32 I understand. But a boy his age, most likely he's playing hookey \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 R: 
\fs32 Not my Will, no. He wouldn't do that. He's not like that \'97
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 C: What's his number?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: I told you, he's got nothin' to do with this \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: We've been over this. The chief said \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: I don't care what the chief said.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: Mom \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: End of discussion.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: Don't be dramatic, Nancy.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: This is such bullshit!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: This is such bullshit!
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 R: Language!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: Barb lives two minutes away, just because Mike's friend got lost on his way home \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: This is Will's fault \'97 ?!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: Barb lives two minutes away, just because Mike's friend got lost on his way home \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: Nancy, take that back \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: Nancy, take that back \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: No!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: You're just pissed because you wanna han\'97g out with Steve \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: YOU'RE SUCH A DOUCHE MIKE \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: YOU'RE SUCH A DOUCHE MIKE \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: LANGUAGE!!!
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 C: See, Michael: This is what happens.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: What happens when what? I'm the only one acting normal here \'97 I'm the only who cares about Will!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: I know, so we'll study here \'97
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: No, I told you, absolutely not, goaway \'97 !
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C: 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: WHO IS THIS? WHAT HAVE DONE WITH MY BABY?! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 C:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 R: Who is this?! WHO IS THIS?!
\f1\fs24 \
}